feat(`v1`): Migration guide (#922)
foundry-rs/book: src/migrating-to-v1/non-breaking-changes.md

## Non-breaking but important changes

> - Snapshot failures between fuzz runs are now persisted, so workarounds are not needed anymore.

Reviewer: what does this mean? maybe we should link to issues/PRs here for more context

> - Sensitive broadcast logs are now logged into the `.gitignore`d `cache` directory, instead of written to logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sensitive broadcast logs are now logged into the `.gitignore`d `cache` directory, instead of being included in the broadcast files that are intended to be committed.
```

- The base fee calculation on Anvil is now entirely skipped if the fee is set to 0.

> - `vm.startPrank` now overwrites the existing prank instead of just erroring. However, the already set prank must be used first.

Reviewer 2: `However, the already set prank must be used first.` this sentence wasn't immediately clear to me, what does this mean?

Author: Hmm, I believe this might be an undocumented, somewhat recent change on startPrank—when this overwrite change was made, i believe the rule is now that if the prank has not been used, it will error. if it has been used, it will overwrite the existing prank. 

so essentially before overwriting the prank you need to use it first
